# What is p5.js?

What are the characteristics of the programming language p5.js? Choose the most appropriate one.

-   ⚪︎ A visual programming language for beginners
-   A language for manipulating databases on the server side
-   A language used for software development
-   A language used for data analysis and machine learning

## Explanation

p5.js is a programming language designed for beginners. It is based on JavaScript and runs in a web browser. It allows you to easily create graphics and interactive content.

# Drawing

What are the essential functions required for drawing in a coding test?

-   ⚪︎ `setup()` and `createCanvas()`
-   `createCanvas()` and `background()`
-   `fill()` and `stroke()`
-   `rect()` and `circle()`

## Explanation

To draw in p5.js, you need the `setup()` function. If you are creating animations, you also need the `draw()` function.

```js
function setup() {
    createCanvas(400, 400);
}

function draw() {
    // Repeated processing
}
```

# Standard Output

What are the essential functions required for output in a coding test?

-   ⚪︎ `print()` or `console.log()`
-   `createCanvas()` or `background()`
-   `setup()` or `createCanvas()`
-   `rect()` or `circle()`

## Explanation

To perform standard output in p5.js, use the `print()` function. You can also use the `console.log()` function, which serves a similar purpose.
For example, to output the result of 1+1, you would write:

```js
function setup() {
    print(1 + 1);
}
```

# Formatting Code

What is the shortcut key for formatting code in VSCode?

-   ⚪︎ `Ctrl` + `S`
-   `Ctrl` + `X`
-   `Ctrl` + `C`
-   `Ctrl` + `V`

## Explanation

Formatting removes unnecessary spaces and line breaks in the code. The shortcut key for formatting code in VSCode is `Ctrl` + `S`. This is originally a shortcut key for saving files, but if the Prettier extension is installed, it also has the function of formatting code.
